Prerequisites:
--------------
AdPlug depends upon the following libraries:

Library:	Version:
--------	--------
libbinio	>= 1.1

libbinio can be obtained from http://libbinio.sourceforge.net.

Installation:
-------------
Refer to the appropriate INSTALL files for your build system:

INSTALL.unix    All UNIX builds, including cygwin
INSTALL.win32   Microsoft Visual C++ builds
INSTALL.dos     Watcom C/C++ builds

Some notes about the build system(s):
-------------------------------------
AdPlug's build system is very diverse for all the different supported
platforms. Basically, at this time, it consists of 3 different build
systems, which partly act together.

UNIX builds use the GNU build system (autoconf, automake, libtool) to make
it work on most unices without me having to worry about anyone of them. I
won't use configuration headers (i.e. config.h) with AdPlug, since that
would involve making the code autoconf-specific and sacrifice code support
for the other build systems, which don't support configuration headers.

Windows builds use a combination of MSVC's spare build support offers and a
set of batch files. I made this "build system" up by myself, after being
desperately frustrated with MSVC's nonexistant build offers (of course, i
could've used NMAKE, but that would sacrifice any IDE convenience - and
Windows users don't really want to use a CLI anymore, do they? ;) ).

DOS builds use a similar system to the GNU build system. This is my own
build system, which i could as well publish separately, if there should be
any demand. Essentially, it works very close to GNU automake, using a
distribution-specific Makefile snippet called 'Makefile.bt' (resembling to
'Makefile.am') and a Makefile template, generating the final Makefile. Since
it is just a replacement for GNU automake, there is also no config-header
support.

Every build system uses its own configuration scheme and thus has to be
maintained separately, which is a great burden for the distribution
maintainer (me ;) ) as more target systems are added. Maybe i will try to
have them synchronize automatically in the future...

CVS and UNIX:
-------------
If you checked out from CVS and use UNIX, first run:

autoreconf --install

to generate the build cruft and get the configure script. Oh, and did i
mention you need recent versions of autoconf, automake and libtool? ;)

Debugging AdPlug:
-----------------
If you feel you have to debug AdPlug, you can compile it with debug logging
support. This is disabled by default. To enable it, you have to define the
DEBUG preprocessor macro. This is done differently on the various builds.

On UNIX, you have to give an '--enable-debug' commandline option to the
'configure' script to enable debugging.

On Windows, you just have to build the 'Debug' version of the library.

On DOS, you have to add the define manually to the preprocessor commandline
variable 'CPPFLAGS' in your 'config.mif' file. If you created your build
configuration by using the template from 'INSTALL.dos', you just have to
uncomment the line containing 'CPPFLAGS +=' and add a '-dDEBUG' to it.

AdPlug logs to stderr by default. The output can be redirected anytime to a
user specified logfile. This is done by using the 'CAdPlug::debug_output'
method of the 'CAdPlug' class.
